# packages in environment at C:\Users\LihuaD\Anaconda3\envs\stpy_env:
#
# Name                    Version                   Build  Channel
brotlipy                  0.7.0           py38hab1e662_1001    conda-forge
ca-certificates           2020.6.20            hecda079_0    conda-forge
certifi                   2020.6.20        py38h9bdc248_2    conda-forge
cffi                      1.14.3           py38h0e640b1_1    conda-forge
chardet                   3.0.4           py38h9bdc248_1008    conda-forge
cryptography              3.1.1            py38h0e640b1_1    conda-forge
idna                      2.10               pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
openssl                   1.1.1h               he774522_0    conda-forge
pip                       20.2.3                     py_0    conda-forge
pycparser                 2.20               pyh9f0ad1d_2    conda-forge
pyopenssl                 19.1.0                     py_1    conda-forge
pysocks                   1.7.1            py38h9bdc248_2    conda-forge
python                    3.8.6           h60c2a47_0_cpython    conda-forge
python_abi                3.8                      1_cp38    conda-forge
requests                  2.24.0             pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
setuptools                49.6.0           py38h9bdc248_2    conda-forge
six                       1.15.0             pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
sqlite                    3.33.0               he774522_1    conda-forge
urllib3                   1.25.10                    py_0    conda-forge
vc                        14.1                 h869be7e_1    conda-forge
vs2015_runtime            14.16.27012          h30e32a0_2    conda-forge
wheel                     0.35.1             pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
win_inet_pton             1.1.0            py38h32f6830_1    conda-forge
wincertstore              0.2             py38h32f6830_1005    conda-forge
